feat(flags): Consolidate feature flags pull requests (#12005)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/issue-details/index.mdx

Reviewer: This page looks done to me! :shipit:

The issue details page only displays context for the individual event, and context cannot be searched. If you require searching for your data, use [Tags](#tags) instead.

You can set up your own context items to collect useful debugging information in your next event, as described in <PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/context/">Structured Context</PlatformLink>.

## Feature Flags

> 
> Enabling one or more of our [evaluation tracking integrations](/product/explore/feature-flags/#evaluation-tracking) will reveal the feature flag evaluation table. Here you can see an ordered list (in order of evaluation) of all the flags evaluated and their evaluation results prior to the error event.
> 
> ![Feature Flag Table](./img/ff-table.png)
> 
> Enabling a [change tracking integration](/product/explore/feature-flags/#change-tracking) will enable annotations on the event volume chart. These lines mark feature flag changes and can help identify regressions caused by a feature flag definition change.
> 
> ![Feature Flag Release Chart](./img/ff-release.png)
> 
> Enabling both a change tracking integration and a evaluation tracking integration will enable suspect feature flag detection. Sentry will attempt to identify feature flags which might have caused an error event and highlight them for review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Once you've set up one or more of our [evaluation-tracking integrations](/product/explore/feature-flags/#evaluation-tracking), a feature flag evaluation table will appear on your **Issue Details** page. This table shows flags and their results in the order they were evaluated before an error occurred. 

![Feature Flag Table](./img/ff-table.png)

When you enable a [change-tracking integration](/product/explore/feature-flags/#change-tracking), you'll also see annotations on the event volume chart indicating feature flag changes. This helps identify regressions linked to those changes.

![Feature Flag Release Chart](./img/ff-release.png)

Using both features enables suspect flag detection and highlights flags that may have caused errors for review. 
```
